Tanh term added (#1815)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/math-functions/terms/tanh/tanh.md

---
Title: '.Tanh()' 

> Description: 'Computes the hyperbolic tangent of a given angle in radians'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Computes the hyperbolic tangent of a given angle in radians.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Numbers'
  - 'Classes'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Math.tanh()`** method returns the hyperbolic tangent of a number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Math.tanh()`** method returns the hyperbolic tangent of a given angle in radians.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra line break.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.Tahn(x);
```

> Parameter:This method accepts only single parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Parameter: This method accepts only a single parameter.
```

> `x`:This parameter is the value to be passed to tanh()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`x`: This parameter is the angle in radians.
```

> `Returns`:This function returns the hyperbolic tangent value of a number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Returns: This function returns the hyperbolic tangent value of `x`.
```

## Example

> 

Reviewer: Can we have an introductory sentence explaining what the example is doing?

---
Title: '.Tanh()'
Description: 'Computes the hyperbolic tangent of a given angle in radians.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Numbers'
  - 'Classes'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Math.tanh()`** method returns the hyperbolic tangent of a given angle in radians.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.Tahn(x);
```

Parameter: This method accepts only single parameter.

`x`: This parameter is the angle in radians.

> Returns: This function returns the hyperbolic tangent value of `x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Returns: This function returns the hyperbolic tangent value of `x`.
```
Added line break.

## Example

> The code is declaring two constants, `x` and `y`, and then calculating the hyperbolic tangent of `x` using the Math.tanh() function. The resulting value is stored in `y`. Finally, the value of `y` is printed to the console using console.log().

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code is declaring two constants, `x` and `y`, and then calculating the hyperbolic tangent of `x` using the `Math.tanh()` function. The resulting value is stored in `y`. Finally, the value of `y` is printed to the console.
```

```cs
const x = 2;

> const y = Math.tanh(x);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const y = Math.tanh(x);

```

> console.log(y); // Output: 0.9640275800758169

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console.log(y);
// Output: 0.9640275800758169
```

---
Title: '.Tanh()'
Description: 'Computes the hyperbolic tangent of a given angle in radians.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Numbers'
  - 'Classes'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Math.tanh()`** method returns the hyperbolic tangent of a given angle in radians.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.Tahn(x);
```

This method accepts a single parameter,`x`, which is the angle in radians. It returns the hyperbolic tangent value of `x`.

## Example

> The example below declares two constants, `x` and `y`, and then calculates the hyperbolic tangent of `x` using the `Math.tanh()` function. The resulting value is stored in `y`. Finally, the value of `y` is printed to the console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below declares two constants, `x` and `y`, and then calculates the hyperbolic tangent of `x` using the `Math.Tanh()` function. The resulting value is stored in `y`. Finally, the value of `y` is printed to the console.
```

> The example below declares two constants, `x` and `y`, and then calculates the hyperbolic tangent of `x` using the `Math.Tanh()` function. The resulting value is stored in `y`. Finally, the value of `y` is printed to the console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below declares two double values, `x` and `y`, and then calculates the hyperbolic tangent of `x` using the `Math.Tanh()` function. The resulting value is stored in `y`. Finally, the value of `y` is printed to the console.
```
